index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage

title: "Content Marketing Agency for Tech & FinTech | CopyHouse"
meta_description: "CopyHouse is the award-winning content marketing agency for tech and FinTech. We build content strategies and create compelling content to drive measurable growth."

hero:
  heading: "Technology"
  highlight: "Told Well"
  subheading: "We're a global, award-winning content marketing agency for fast-growing tech brands."
  cta_text: "Get in touch"
  cta_url: "/contact"

hero_video:
  mp4: "hero-video.mp4"
  webm: "hero-video.webm"
  poster: "copyhouse-hero-poster-00001.png"
  folder: "hero"
  autoplay: true
  loop: true

intro_paragraphs:
  - As '<span class="gradient-2">positive disruptors</span>' who thrive on making the world a better place, we're not shy about breaking the mould and challenging the status quo.
  - We exist to facilitate the adoption of cutting-edge technology by creating <span class="gradient-2">high-quality content</span> that connects you with your audience, starting important conversations and building better relationships.
  - The most <span class="gradient-2">successful</span> businesses use CopyHouse to tell their stories and make their voices heard.

---

Commit message:

Updated style panel whitepaper module, panel-client and blockquote.

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage

title: "Content Marketing Agency for Tech & FinTech | CopyHouse"
meta_description: "CopyHouse is the award-winning content marketing agency for tech and FinTech. We build content strategies and create compelling content to drive measurable growth."

hero:
  heading: "Technology"
  highlight: "Told Well"
  subheading: "We're a global, award-winning content marketing agency for fast-growing tech brands."
  cta_text: "Get in touch"
  cta_url: "/contact"

hero_video:
  mp4: "hero-video.mp4"
  webm: "hero-video.webm"
  poster: "copyhouse-hero-poster-00001.png"
  folder: "hero"
  autoplay: true
  loop: true

intro_paragraphs:
  - As '<span class="gradient-2">positive disruptors</span>' who thrive on making the world a better place, we're not shy about breaking the mould and challenging the status quo.
  - We exist to facilitate the adoption of cutting-edge technology by creating <span class="gradient-2">high-quality content</span> that connects you with your audience, starting important conversations and building better relationships.
  - The most <span class="gradient-2">successful</span> businesses use CopyHouse to tell their stories and make their voices heard.

panel_whitepaper:
  heading: "Ready to Tackle Misinformation with Confidence?"
  description: In an age of digital noise, misinformation spreads fast - and marketers are under pressure to act responsibly without losing momentum. Our latest whitepaper cuts through the complexity and offers a clear strategy for pushing back with integrity.
  cta_url: "https://www.linkedin.com/smart-links/AQHYi5LXqqJNcA"
  cta_text: "Download “The Mischief of Misinformation” today"
  image: "tackle-misinformation.png"
  image_alt: "tackle misinformation"
  folder: "panel-whitepaper"

panel_client:
  heading: "Technology"
---
