---
layout: insight
title: "Why Brands Are Reclaiming Their Audiences | CopyHouse"
meta_description: "Learn about the influencer bubble could be about to burst, as brands move away from using content marketing influencers."
image: "/assets/images_old/insight-header.webp"
author: CopyHouse
date: 24-06-25
---

# The end of the influencer era? Why brands are reclaiming their audiences

Is the content marketing influencer bubble about to burst?

Thanks to the widespread ubiquity of social media, influencers now abound on every possible platform — providing opinions and endorsements on every possible subject, hobby, interest, and product. We have become used to the idea of many of these influencers as celebrities in their own right, and many are household names possessed with a great deal of cultural leverage.

Naturally, the easy access to large audiences, and their status as subject-matter experts, have historically made influencers more or less irresistible to brands. Celebrity endorsements now often enjoy the lion’s share of the marketing budget for the biggest brands, while smaller enterprises in more niche industries and markets rely on micro-influencers instead.

However, no marketing strategy is timeless, and with budgets shrinking across the globe, more and more marketing departments are now moving away from reliance on content marketing influencers to reclaim their audiences with their own efforts. But why is this?

In this article, we'll be discussing why the era of the influencer bubble could be about to burst, and how the use of influencers has become far more strategic and nuanced. Read on to learn more.

## Why brands are moving away from influencers in 2025

### Declining trust

Firstly, consumers in general (and e-commerce shoppers in particular) are becoming more discerning when it comes to whose recommendations they take seriously, as well as who they consider to be a true thought leader. Add to that an exponential proliferation of competing influencers on social media platforms, and we can see why so many modern consumers are now experiencing so-called "influencer fatigue".

Indeed, the sheer volume of sponsored content has made this phenomenon almost inevitable. According to a survey published by Bazaarvoice, 47% of consumers surveyed said they thought influencer-driven content was repetitive, while 23% claimed the quality of their content was dropping. Because of this, modern consumers and audiences are now increasingly wary of endorsements that appear inauthentic or purely profit-driven.

Not only that, but studies indicate that consumers are now far more suspicious about influencers. This can stem from a lack of transparency about sponsored content, the promotion of questionable or unethical/unsustainable products, or instances of perceived inauthenticity. Finally, the proliferation of fake influencers, leveraging bought engagement and bot followers, has also increased the suspicion of influencers — making them less effective as a marketing tool.

### Challenges in measuring ROI

Aside from the issues that consumers can have with influencers, we need to bear in mind the issues that brands can have themselves. Indeed, the overall effectiveness of using an influencer in one’s marketing campaigns is surprisingly tricky to quantify.

For one, it’s hard to accurately attribute sales or conversions to specific influencer campaigns. This can make it difficult to justify the ROI generated by using these often expensive personalities. In the past, emphasis was often placed on easily quantifiable metrics like follower count and likes, which don't always translate to tangible business results.

In an age where budgets are shrinking and marketers are forced to do more with less, we're seeing ever more brands turn to stratagems with more easily quantifiable metrics to help brands empirically measure their campaign's success. Meanwhile, the absence of universal standards and tools for measuring influencer marketing ROI makes it difficult for marketers to assess the true impact of their investments.

### Micro and nano-influencers

We also must acknowledge that, as influencers have proliferated, they have become far more granular — dealing with increasingly niche topics of interest. These are known as ‘micro-influencers’ (with 10,000 to 100,000 followers) and ‘nano’ influencers (boasting 1,000 to 10,000 followers).

While it’s true that, by their very nature, these individuals have far smaller audiences than their macro influencer counterparts, the important thing to remember is the quality, not the quantity, of the leads they can provide. Because they deal in specialised interests, these influencers often boast far stronger relationships with their followers, who value the depth and breadth of knowledge or experience in their chosen field.

This, in turn, means that they are perceived by their smaller band of followers as more relatable, authentic, and trustworthy, which makes them far more loyal. For example, Sprout Social recently found that nano-influencers boast the highest average engagement at 2.19%, while macro-influencers by comparison generally see an engagement rate between 0.80% and 1%.

For marketers working on tight budgets, micro-influencers can also be an attractive alternative, as they can be far more affordable to commission. The savings made from employing them in lieu of larger personalities can allow brands to work with multiple creators and reach diverse, targeted audiences.

### Evolving social media landscape

Finally, we have to discuss the fact that an ever-evolving social media landscape — where seemingly arbitrary algorithmic changes can negatively impact reach — makes relying on influencers risky.

Rather than putting all their eggs in one basket and having circumstances outside their control potentially jeopardise their campaign, marketers in 2025 are far more likely to take a diverse approach.

By working with an agency or in-house, and developing a steady stream of their own personal content. Establishing the brand itself as a thought leader, or even individuals within the enterprise as expert pundits, means that brands can turn themselves into influencers, rather than relying on third parties.

## How CopyHouse can help your brand establish thought leadership

Here at CopyHouse, we have a wealth of experience helping brands across a wide spectrum of industries unlock their thought leadership potential.

By collaborating closely with you to understand your brand and TOV from the inside out and by interviewing members of your team to harvest their high-quality insights, we'll be able to provide you with content that truly resonates with your target audience.

Once you have a diverse stream of content published online, you’ll be able to reach a wide range of potential prospects without having to rely on expensive influencers to succeed on social media.

Find out more about how we can help optimise your campaigns and content activity — [contact us today](mailto:richard@copyhouse.io).
